Env var instrumentation improvements (#2088)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

  to `linux-musl-x64` for Linux musl and
  `OpenTelemetry.AutoInstrumentation.Native.dylib`
  to `osx-x64` for MacOS.

> - Changed the way to managed enabled instrumentation. Following environmental variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the way to manage enabled instrumentations. The following environmental variables:
```

  - `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_TRACES_ENABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`,
  - `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_TRACES_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`z,
  - `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_METRICS_ENABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`,
  - `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_METRICS_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`,
  - `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_LOGS_ENABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`,
  - `OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_LOGS_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS`

>   replaced by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  are replaced by:
```
